hi Friends


This is ramesh, i would like to write a story in english as part of learning english

...
Prasad of balendur village in karnataka and venkat of jaipur village in karnataka had become friends while working as suppliers at hotel in shahpur.
Parvathi, who would become Prasad's wife, worked at same hotel, she and venkat were also close to each other.
prasad and parvathi went on to marry in 2011 and hava a 3 years old daughter.
prasad alleged that around 2 months ago.
venkat abducted parvathi and married her over the unpaid loan. parvathi is pregnant with their second child.
venkat sent his wife to her mother's house.

prasad said he tried to file a complaint after his wife was abducted but nobody took him seriouly,
on tuesday, he said parvathi was living with him for the past 2 months and refusing to return.



wishes
----------------

I would like to thank you one and all of my fnds and family members for your best warm wishes on my birthday.

You made my bday very special with all your warm wishes. thank you all.




you made my bday very special with your best warm wishes, thank you all.


you made my bday very special with your best warm wishes. thank you all.


-----------------------------------


Congratulations and cheers to your continued success.	


I am so thrilled to hear you got your dream job, would love to celebrate the occation with you.

it was a pleasure and an honor working with you, you new role is deserverd and i will you success in your new job.
----------------

how to make a sentences using being

--------------

be forms
--------
will you be a good boy in the scool?
please be a good boy and drink this milk.

it has been such a chilly winter.
he has been a loyal employee
i have been waiting for you
it would has been better if had asked me before doing it.

being a doctor is not so easy
stop being a loner and start getting out of you room
where were you when i was being called a coward	
i am being a patient
i am sorry for being late
i am used to being laughed at
he accused me of being a liar

she scolded him for being a late
she witnessed him being killed.

you are being a bossy, aren't you.
she is being blackmailed by him.
she used to enjoy being with him
she was suspected of being spy
he narrowly escaped being run over.





